Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Summoning Jutsu.
What was that?
That is...
Kyuubi...
Destroy the Leaf village, Nine-Tails.
Why?
Minato...
Never mind that now.
Just stay here with Naruto.
Naruto...
Minato... Thank you.
Good luck!
I'll be right back!
I won't let you have your way!
So you've noticed me.
However you won't be getting me here!
Road to Ninja
by (S.I.R)
Somebody once asked me what a ninja is.
My Sensei told me that a ninja is one who endures.
I quess the report was right, the Akatsuki are here.
How's this possible?
There are some we already took down.
It's not the time to be figuring that out.
The total number of enemies we have to beat down is eight.
Furthermore, they're all hard to deal with.
For now I've got data on each one of them in my head.
Preparation is complete. We will wait for the order.
Okay.
RASENGAN!
What!?!
I never run away or hide.
All of you sons of bitches, come at me!
And...
My name is...
Uzumaki Naruto!
Ninja!
Seriously! What's he doing? He says he's
a ninja but he can't even endure.
Well, guess it worked for the best,
he's a perfect decoy.
Shikamaru?
The chances are against us as a group.
It's best to defeat them one by one separately.
Everyone's got it, right?
Hey, please stop causing trouble.
You really don't think at all!
What did you say?!
Although I'm still hungry, I will begin!
Multi-Size Jutsu!
Human Bullet Tank!
You should quickly head back to your spot, too.
I'm not going to give you time to ready your jutsu,
because you would become a greater problem if I did.
Did you see our awesome combination?
Hinata, keep it up!
Naruto-kun!
Double Dynamic Entry!
I struggled last time, but I am entirely different
now!
There is no way to defeat somebody who
endeavors!
You said it, Lee. It's time to show them the Power
of Youth!
I'm not letting you escape!
Of course.
That place is...
a cave where my dad and Ero-Senin have trained.
Sorry for wait-- ouch!
Don't act so reckless on your own!
Earth Release: Earth-Slyle Wall!
Super Beast Imitating Drawing!
Damn! Then I will--!
What is that?! Go away!
The hand is...!! Hand is!!!
It's the enemy's jutsu.
They've completely disappeared.
We did it!
It seems like we succseded at driving them back.
Kakashi Sensei?
Well... this is kind of strange.
You say that Akatsuki who are for sure dead have
attacked?
How on Earth is that possible?
I have no idea.
They ran away without any counterattack.
I'm not sure whether it was a threat or for
some other purpose.
Let's expand the guard and reinforce the town
patrol.
Okay.
And we still have that bodypart, right?
Take a biopsy and compare it right now!
Yes, Ma'am.
I heard about it, that
Akarsuki turned tails after they were defeated by
you guys.
Yeah well.
It ended too fast, though.
What are you complaining for?
That's my boy for you
you can do It properly when you try!
Isn't Akatsuki a group of all the powerful people?
And you guys made them run away. You did as
well as jounins.
Hahaha, is that so?
Of course!
So we all talked about it.
We have decided to submit letters
of recommendation
to the Hokage to promote you
guys to jounin-rank.
Really? Then ar we going to be jounin?
With confidance.
It was decided ith unanimous approval.
Isn't that right?
Ya,Ya, right. I agree.
Ahh, excuse me. Is that...
By the way, I feel kind of bad.
We were the ones who were hesitant at first.
Oh my...Mom...
Sakura always goes around carelessly,
taking off her shoes and trowing thm.
And she never folds the laundry and cleans up.
I worry if she'll do that even when she becomes
jounin.
What are you saying in front of everyone?
Hehe. Sakura can't win against her mom!
You don't have to worry, Honey.
She's got her master to look up to
she'll be alright if even she follows her teachings!?
Nope, just kidding!
Your play of words... hahaha!
Oh my gosh,seriously.You two please stop it!
Your joke is so flat and it's annoying!
Oh my, look how she talks!
Hey Sakura, what are you doing to your parents?
Wait!
This way, stupid!
Shut up! That is none of your business!
It seems like everyone's parents are going to
recomend them to jounin.
What are you going to do about it, Sai?
I'm not sure, because I belonged to Root before.
The way to becoming jounin is different.
Whoa, how are you going to finish all that?
Haha,I can finish them!
Really? Your teeth will rot!
It's alright! Hehe.
Let's go home.
Okay...
I'm home!
Pfu...
Mom...
Did you say that you have something to tell me?
Umm, Iruka Sensei...
well...
Can you write a letter of recomandation for
becoming jounin?
What?
All of my classmates said that their mom and dad
would write it for them.
So I want you to...
No way, I refuse.
Eh...
Why not?
You have to became chunin first, right?!
You've protected the village from Pain, and
you're praised a a hero who saved the village, but
I cannot give you special treatment.
Even your father, the Forth Hokage went from
genin-level to chunin-level,
and jounin-level, and
became Hokage. And he became a hero.
And then he became a rock face.
A rock can't say,"Welcome home!"
You're...
Sometimes I think that...
instead of a parent who is carved on rock and
unable to speak,
it would be better to have a parent who says,
"Welcome home!" when I come back home.
Iruka Sensei, your parents are also...
You moron, stop your rumbling!
Why are you so ill-humored today?
Never mind.
Here is the Ramen!
Naruto ordered the pork-soybean Ramen, right?
Mister! There's no naruto fish cake in it.
I'm sorry about that.
I put on lots of popular menma, instead.
Naruto fish cake is out!
I hate menma! I don't even know menma is made of!
I can't even chew it properly!
So listen here, menma is ...
made out of dried bamboo....
That means it's only a piece of rotten bamboo!
Now, you're the one who's rotten!
Why are you so damn picky?!
Whoa, hey hey. Don't fight in here.
A ramen without a naruto fish cake isn't even a
ramen!
Hey, wait! Naruto!
That fellow. I didn't know he hated menma
that much!
Eh, the money is alittle bit insufficient.
I'll pay the rest.
Why didn't he understood me,
Iruka Sensei!?
Have you entered puberty?
Hmm....
Why do you keep beeing defiant?
I'm not a kid.
Where are you going?
Mom hasn't finished talking!
This is my life, so stop meddling.
Sakura!
Sakura-chan...
Stop there a second, Sakura!
Let's go!
I'll go on a date with you, so just folow me!
I'll go, but It doesn't look like we're going to have much fun...
Shut up!
Auch...
This is venting your anger on me. That's not a
date at all!
Hey, let go, Sakura. It hurts, it hurts!
Sakura-chan...
Do you think it's alright leaving like that?
Just leave her alone.
She always acts like that.
She meddles in every single thing I do.
And she isn't satisfied unless things work out the way
she wants.
And my dad, too.
Would it hurt if he was sometimes on my side, too?
He does everything my mom says in the end.
He's a genin who doesen't even have a chance at
becoming a jonin.
I want him to do things for me.
Hey...
I wish I could respect my parents like others do.
It would be allot better without parents at all!
Sakura, aren't you speaking too harshly?
What? Are you on my parent's side?
What do you mean by side?
I was just--
Ahhh, of all people, why is it you, Naruto, who's
here?
If it was Sasuke, he would have understood me.
What?
Long time no see, Uzumaki Naruto.
You are! Madara!
Rasengan!
You still seem to be the same.
HELL YEAH!
Don't think about causing any trouble in this
village.
This is a bit off from my expectations, but it
doesn't matter.
What have you done?
What the heck was that?
Madara, that jerk. Where did he go?
Maybe he's hiding somewhere nearby!
Let's hurry and tell everyone!
Hey.What are you doing here?
Great to run into guys...
We're in a serious pinch! Madara appeared!
Huh...
Hey, didn't you hear what we just said?
Of course I did. By the way,
what is this Madara?
Something to eat?
This isn't the time to make stupid jokes!
As I told--
It hurts!!!
Akamaru?
You moron, Akamaru! Do you wanna die?
Why do you bite me all the time?!
What did you say, you moron?
I'd rather not see your ugly face too!
Did you...have some trouble with Akamaru?
What d you mean trouble? This always happens.
Seriously, I wanted to be born as a cat shaman.
A cat?
Because Kiba is a cat shaman to the bone!
By the way,
And...
What are you two doing here?
Don't tell me that you guys are having a date.
No way! That's out of the question.
If you ever flirt with him, I'm gonna kill you.
Heh...
Be honest and say it!
What the--
Hey guys! Calm down.
Hey! Why are you covering for her?!
Heh!
Sakura-chan! You go first...
That's what I'm thinking.
By the way, a guy and a girl being together at night
means...
They're running away?! Just as I thought, it was a
date!
Stop there right now!
I hate being ignored.
Whoops...
What' wrong with her?
Were they normally like that?
No way!
Hey Choji!
Let's go eat some beef!Beef!
At the barbecue, they'll let us eat as much as we
can if we pay them only 1500 yen.
If the three of us go and do dutch pay, then...
ummm...so...
It's 500 yen.
Anyways, I don't really want to do it that way.
I only eat tiny bird-like amounts. It's a waste.
What are you talking about?
Even if we could only eat 5 servings, it's still a
great deal!
Am I pig? How would I eat 5 servings!?
Hey guys, please....
We're mature now.  We shouldn't fight.
Did you just see that? Why is she being so shy?
Yeap...
Sakura-chan!
Well, well, if you guys are free, you
wanna join us?
I got goose bumps?
Let's go,huh! It will be more tasteful if we all go
together!
Yeah, ever since Madara disappeared,
everyone's acting weird.
Yeah, I think so too.
Come with us, hmm?
Ahh well, guys. A while ago, Madara came up and
disappeared.
Hmm? Hmm? What is Madara?
You know, the cool sea guy!
Ah...
That's a fish!
You guys really don't know?
Did something happen? Both of you guys are
somewhat weird.
We were always like this. The ones who are weird
are--!
Sakura, since you're the daughter of a hero who
saved us, you should do well!
The daughter of a hero?!
Look!
Huh?
What?! That's my dad!
How is this possible?
You guys. Why are you blowing hype here?
Sasuke-kun!?
How can you be here?!
Are there any problems, that I'm in my own village?
W..Well...Not really. Though...
Pshaw. You look as if you've seen a ghost.
Sakura! Menma!
W..What? You called me Menma?
Menma: boiled and dried bamboo shoot food.
Ahhhh. It feels so exciting even if I was the one
who did it!
Tenten, don't throw things like that. You might
hurt yourself.
A bathhouse...
I came with them because everybody said they
were going. And to see how things go.
You still have a perfect flat-chest!
Flat.... ?! What did you say?
I have my eye on Menma, so remenber that you
flat-chested lady.
That again, this Hinata isn't to be messed with!
So did everyone come except Fuzzy Eyebrow?
It's not unusual, because that guy is a hard-
working insect!
I hate that kind of insect!
You really are small both there and in brain.
How cheap!
Menma look. Tada! These are cat's ears!
Phew. Yeah, yeah.
Huh...Really?
What's the matter with you?
Fine. This time, it's a
lion!
Roar! Roar!
If I'm forced to listen, I would rather hear you
barking like a dog!
Whoa..!!!
Strike!!!
Shikamaru, stop playing around.
You're not a one or
two-year-old baby. The water
overflowed because of you.
Sorry, sorry!
It can't be helped.
Multi-Size Jutsu!
This is so cool! It looks like it's flooding! So cool!
Ah... Kiba's a cat shaman! Shikamaru's an idiot!
My head's so dizzy just from looking at
them!
You're one to talk!?
You clumsy idiot!
Your temper is still the same.
Does this mean there could be some who didn't
change?
No, No! This way! Face this way!
I said we don't have any special relationship!
You liar! I know you have views on Menma!
Hmm?! This sense is...! No way!
She found out!
Neji, you jerk! I'm going to kill you!
What happened?!
Ouch...It hurts...
Why is Lee here?
You bastard, Rock Lee! You said
you were going to train...
Instead, you were peeking !!!
N-No way!
I was on my way home after the training, but
I got accidentally sidetracked!
It's an accident!
Do you train on the top of the bathhouse?
Before I'll kill,Neji! I'm getting
you first!
Hey! What happened?!
Lee was just sneaking a look at us!
What?! That bastard!
You're not one to talk, yourself!
Wait a sec, Hinata-sama.
Jerk! He just fled!
Guys, let's catch him!
What's happening, seriously?
It seems like our classmate's personalities turned
to the complete opposite!
All of them? Sasuke too?
No, he didn't change at all. He was being full of
himself as usual.
Really? Then what if Lee also didn't change? He's
being falsely accused.
Sakura, Let's go!
Did you think you could escape us without
any jutsu?!
I'm very disappointed, Lee!
You were sneaking a look too, ho could you say
thar?!
It's a misunderstanding, everybody.
I was training by jumping over the roves and
I got trapped on something.
So that's why I fell accidentally, into the
girl's dressing room.
I don't want to hear your excuses!
Wait! Wait a second Hinata!
Menma!?
You should calm down guys.
He could be right.
Sakura-san...
I'm pissed off. If It's not true, you're going to die
by my heand.
Stop it. Lee's not kind of person--!
Heh...
What the heck? Why are you wearing my
underwear?!
I'm pretty sure he stole it from the dressing room.
Lee you pervert!
This is driving me nuts! It feels like I'm going to
become completely crazy.
This isn't the sort of thing I know how to handle.
Sasuke's in the village, my name is Menma!
How on Earth did this happened!?
At the moment...we might have been
dragged into
a different world becauseof Madara's jutsu.
That is the only explanation I can make.
What do you mean a different world? What kind of
world is it?
Of course, I'm not too sure.
So far, we don't have enough information.
Then we better get more information from now on.
Yeah let's do that. And remember
your name is forbidden
in front of others so don't say it out loud.
What?! What should I do then?
Well, your name is Menma here!
So, you should try to get information that we
want. Got it, Menma!?
Even you, Sakura.
Oh it's you, Sakura!
Yes!
Here you go.
Are you giving this to me for free?
Don't worry about it! Your parents saved our town!
That's worth more than enough!
Oh I see. They're heroes.
Sakura!
You should take off your shoes properly!
Sigh... but I'm Uzumaki Naruto.
Hold on. If Sakuras dad became a hero and saved the town...
That means...
Dad! Mommy!
Kya...
Who the heck are you?!
I-I but the one who lives here!
What? What the heck are you saying, this is my
house! Go away! Take that!
I don't even have my room now? What is wrong
with this world?
This is impossible!
Shut up!
Good job, guys. I was able to trap him with your
assistance.
Unlimited Tsukuyomi's test, Limited Tsukuyomi!
This world is an interesting place, where everyone
behaves curiously strange.
Using the power of 7 bijuu, I
created in this Dimension,
an other world. in which I shifted their bodies.
By the way, it seems like that world is not exactly
the same as this world.
For example, they are like this small stones.
It's natural for the quiet water to ripple if I throw a
stone at it.
I think I get it.
Then, i should start soon.
But this is strange.
Though that world is made
by you, you cannot
control it as you like.
Didn't I say that? It's only a test.
However, I
will not let them have the
the upper hand!
I'll use my secret jutsu.
Do you dream to control the ninja world by
collecting all of the bijuu?
What an obvious dream that is.
You have a better brain as a ghost... Who are you?
What does it matter? By the way, I will lend you my
power to you.
Hmm? This is...
Forth Hokage
It's Sasuke!
What's up this morning?
I was worried about your blue face yesterday.
You didn't worry about me, did you?
Just tell me your troubles. Because I'm always on
your side.
Sasuke-kun!
Sleeping out in the open inside of the village. It
doesn't even make sense.
Yeah. You went through many troubles.
Why are you talking like it's not your business?
Weren't you lonely by yourself?
I'm not sure about lonely, but it was so
comfortable.
You were comfortable?! What is wrong with
everybody?!
Cheer up. Anyways, let's organize our
information.
This place is made by Madara's jutsu, but it seems
like the villagers aren't our enemies.
We don't know anything about anyone here,
but they seem to know about us.
Moreover...
Ahh! What beautiful sight it is!
That painting looks like he drew it with his foot.
Is that so? I don't have any art sense.
Is that a landscape painting?
Well, I don't have any art senses.
Everybody is somewhat unusual.
Stop there!
Damn!
Let's go, Naruto!
I hate people escaping like I hate insects.
Hey, Sakura-san! Let's play!
The thing that changed most is the others
attitude toward Sakura.
A hero's daughter, Sakura! Give me a handshake!
Okay. Cool.
When I grow up, I want to be like Sakura.
How can I be like that?
What? Well, do your best, study, train
and if you got guts and spirit
you'll do great!
Super!
I will try my best! Bye!
Good luck!
By the way, you look like you're enjoying this
situation right now.
What do you mean? I'm just pretending to be the
daughter of a hero.
Really?
Honestly, I enjoyed it a bit.
It doesn't seem like it's
that dangerous so far
and it's pretty cool to
live like this so...
Come on! This is the fake world we came to
by Madara's jutsu!
I know. Just saying.
Anyways, I don't want to stay here any longer!
Pff... Where are you going?!
To get more information! We don't have time to
play here!
Wait for me.
Since he's locked in my jutsu, the Nine-Tails is
almost mine.
That means you can get it whenever you want.
We don't have to hurry!
There are  many ways to get what I want!
making Uzumaki Naruto submit  and
obtaining the Nine-Tails!
The best way to get information quickly is to ask
Granny.
What do you mean by that??
Has Lighting Nation's Bijuu been stolen?!
What did you mean by that?
Menma!?
The bijuu got kidnapped?
Did something happen to Mister Bee??
Calm down. I heard that what has been stolen is
the female junkiriki!
Tsunade-sama!?
Since the battle will occur soon, there is no reason
to hide it.
To fight?! Who in the world against?
You know of the masked man
who is recently messing up
the nation by using many
exclusive jutsu, right?
A masked man?
He's an S-ranked criminal.
Who thought he would get his hands on the bijuu!?
Bijuu and mask. Sakura, maybe he's...
You're right! As you said, Madara doesn't
exist in this world!
but as you're Menma here, his name
could have changed too!
Where is that jerk right now?
Forget it! He's not a kind of man you can deal
with.
Many people, including we, have tried to remove
him.
However Jiraiya, who is one
of the three Legendary
ninjas, was not able to
survive and come back.
Ero Senin was...
Jiraiya said that when he was alive
there is only one way to knock the masked man
down.
Using the Red Moon Scroll is the way, he said.
Both of you, welcome back!
We completed the mission.
Heh?...
They are my dad and mom...
Alive?!...
Eh--
Is that the right thing to say to your parents who came
back after completing a mission??
I see, in this world...
Can you tell me about that more in detail?
Jiraiya Sensei told me that he heard the prophecy
at the Myoboku Temple.
The Great Toad Sage predicted that
the masked man could
only be defeated by the Red Moon Scroll!
The Great Toads prophecy is absolute!
To follow the prophecy, Sensei got the Red Moon
Scroll by risking his life.
However, he could not come back to the village
and died there because of serious injuries.
Then, where is the scroll?
It would be hidden at the border of the Fire Nation.
That means you solved the password!
We suffered to solve it, though.
Minato and Kushina. You
two go get it right after
Kakashi and Guy come
back from their mission.
That mission! Let me go too, Granny!
Naruto! Why would you want to go there?
I can't just stand here. The jutsu will be over if we
stop the person who used it!
We finally found a way to return to
the real world!
That's true.
Granny...
I can't let you go!
I also ask you for permission.
Minato!
Don't worry. We'll come back with the scroll.
Okay then.
Thank you for your permission.
I was surprised. Umm, i didn't think your
parents would--
Madara, that jerk!He's playing around with
people!
Seeing those fakes...
I know.
I should hurry back to get that scroll and get out of here
before Madara get's it!
There are people who shouldn't be in the village
and dead people are alive.
What kind of place is this?
Naruto's parents are alive.
I wonder he's doing right now.
Stop acting like that and come out, Menma. I said
dinner is ready.
I said I'm not hungry so just leave me alone.
I won't sit down and laugh with those fakes.
How dare you disobey me? You must be out of
your mind to act like that.
You better listen to your mom. You didn't forget
her nickname is Red Blood Sea, did you?
You're going to eat with us, right?
Yes!
I'm done.
Menma, get the dishes if you have some.
Do it yourself!
You don't seem happy. Did you fight with Sakura
or something?
It's unusual that you're looking at those albums.
It's fine. Not really!
Oh, why did you ask Granny to let me go with you?
Of course it was because I though you had
reasons.
My son is not the sort of child who begs without
having reasons, right?
What are talking about?
Well, it's a parent-child relationship.
Great! Let's go with energy!
There is no energy left. It's hard to keep receiving
missions. We aren't even young.
Don't be so down! Let's
work hard!
Did they switched each other?
What's with that look?
You should go with the courage to look nice for a
hero's daughter.
Stop touching me!
What's wrong with him? Did he enter his
rebellious phase?
Hey, you shouldn't--
Doesn't matter cause, I'm
not Menma1
Naruto...
Thanks. I was able to find the bijuu because
of your info.
There's nothing I don't know about this world!
So I'll give you some advice. You will be in trouble
soon,
Are you talking about the Red Moon Scroll that
was in the prophecy?
The enemy has already started to move.
Is that so?!
The Red Moon Scroll is over there.
Sensei has naturally set some traps!
Kakashi, you go first and scout with
your Sharingan the front.
Understood!
That what I'd like say but,
I've been overusing the Sharingan and I'm
too worn out!
You really become helpless in the important
phases.
Damn it! I overdid too...
I'm also old now.
Alright, let's get some rest then.
Ummm, where's Menma?
Ahh, seriously.
There's no time to dawdle!
Is that it?
Toad Boss!
We fell a step behind!
Menma, you're too careless!
Since he rushed here alone, it
can't be helped!
We're ninja from the Leaf village. We came to get the scroll, Jiraiya left for us.
I don't know of such an arrangement.
We just got asked to protect the document!
Boss Toad! Talk with me a little--
Shut up!
Since it came to this,
there no other choice!
There's more than one way to get through them!
The number is enormous!
I can barely move.
Still, I don't want to hurt them.
All of them are toads that Jiraiya asked me to take
care of.
No!
Wait for a second!
Menma!
Let me go through, Boss Toad!
You Kid! Why are you trying to be friendly?!
Even Boss Toad is different in this world.
Then, I'll show him my Sage Mode.
Where are you?! Where did that kid go?!
Whip of love!
I almost had it!
Take that!
Menma!
Kushina!
Minato!
W...why...why did you save me and--
Stay back, Menma!
But...
It's alright to stay with Kushina. I will handle this.
You pest!
We lost him!
It's a sealing jutsu that is combined with space-
time jutsu and chain jutsu.
I guess it would only be Jiraiya Senseu and I who
can unseal this.
Good job. I got the Red Moon Scroll.
Are you alright?
I think Kushina just got a slight burn. But you
know that even if I don't say it, right?
Please leave me alone. It's none of your business!
Stop being like that!
She was injured through her own action! I could
have dodged that attack if I was alone!
I can't just leave you alone.No matter
what happens,when
we want to protect someone our bodies just move!
That's what a parent is.
Why are saying such things to me?
Is it weird that I'm the one who is saying this?
That's not what I meant:
Why...
Never act dangerously like that.
I've talked with Kushina, that we
will write a letter of recommendation
for you to become a jounin.
Menma!
I've already scolded him.
This kid is seriously...
Thank god you didn't get injured.
Thats a real close parent-child
relationship!
Jiraiya can now fully rest in peace.
Then let's get our army ready! We can finally
defeat the masked man!
No, let's wait for an opportunity.
Oportunity?!
The prophecy isn't over yet. There is the next
sentence in the prophecy.
"The Scroll will open is when
the red moon comes out."
I will store this until then.
Although we barely got the Red Moon Scroll, it
seems like we have to wait again.
Yeah...
Even more I don't know when
fthe moon will turn red.
Tomorrow, we can ask Tsunade-sama...
Sakura, I'm sorry but I have to go today...
You came home early today.
Dad, Mom.
Welcome home, Menma.
Good to be home!
I heard that Konoha has the Red Moon Scroll.
Then I should get started.
Limited Tsukuyomi produces things that one
individual mostly wants at that instant.
A world they sincerely wish for.
Thats why when their yearnings are fulfilled,
they can't leave!
For their desires, humans are enchanted without
any resistance.
My favorite food gets unappetizing if I eat it too
much.
The hero's daughter.
Naruto.
Did you always felt like this?
Sasuke-kun!
What a player you are, Sasuke.
I'm serious. Remember that I'm always on your
side.
I'm sorry, Naruto. I was wrong.
Let's hurry and go back to our world.
I'm sorry, Naruto! Let's g--
I'll blow these out now!
What should I do? Were the words that I said
before a problem?
Naruto's dream is...
What do you mean you had something important
you wanted to talk about?
Actually, I'm kinda busy today.
It seems that way.
I was just thinking of
spending my extra time...
Naruto, are you happier living in this world?
What? Hahaha how stupid are you. What a joke.
Here, there's everything I always
wanted! Everything!
There's Dad, and Mom. I always wanted to live like
this!
It was my dream.
But this place is...
I know it's a fake world. But I--
You are...!
Thanks for taking the document out of the device.
There. I should get the Red Moon Scroll back.
Hokage-sama! We cannot give you back th Red
Moon Scroll!
Strange for small fries!
Guy!
Hokage-sama!
Damn it!
Go ahead and finish them!
No way! He blew our chakra out with just one
attack!
I will kill you this time. Be obedient and hand over
the Red Moon Scroll.
Then that guy is...
No way! That's not Madara!
Madara? Do you guys know him?
You! Do you know Madara??
He's fairly helpful.
Tell me where he is
Why do I have to tell you that? It seems like you're
not even his colleague.
Then I'll make you tell me!
Sakura-chan!
Give it a rest. You're no match for me.
Still, in order to get out of this
world, Madara must be defeated!
There is no option
but I have to do it!
A real hero, who saved everybody...
the world and the
village at the risk of their lives!
I cannot forget that!
Sakura!
Hurry up and run away, Menma! I will never
forgive you if you die before us!
Mom!
I can sense an ominous energy from you.
The Yellow Flash?
I planted my jutsu when I was collecting the scroll.
I will get back the Red Moon Scroll and carry it if
need be.
I won't hand over Sense's memento!
If that's so, then I'll make you to offer it to me.
Sakura-chan!
By exchanging it for this girl's life.
As if I'd let you!?
I will leave you a present.
What is that?
It's big trouble. A ball of chakra.
Great Spiraling Ring!
Menma?! Menma?!
Menma...
This is tremendous!
Sakura-chan?!
The Red Moon Scroll is still
in our hand. We better
prepare ourselves and
wait for the opportunity.
What the heck are you talking about?!
This isn't
the time to wait by relaxing!
We have to go save her!
It would be too hard right now, Menma!
He's hard to deal with in our
current condition. We can't risk
our lives just to save Sakura.
How could you?
We're human before being a ninja.
But:..
What if you get hurt?!
As your parent, we're worried
bout you, Menma.
I believe in you!
I'm counting on you to protect the village,
Naruto!
A real hero, who saved everybody...
the world and the
village at the risk of their lives!
I cannot forget that!
I'll be right back!
If I don't finish him here right now, he'll become a
bigger threat than the Nine-Tails.
There's no hope for you left!
Rasengan!
Kushina, I'm sorry!
It's alright. I can still fight, Minato.
Thank you for everything you have
done for me so far. Don't make
that face, Minato. I'm really happy.
Because I'm adored by you!
If I was able to live, I think we three would live
happily.
I get so excited just imagining that picture.
I will seal the Nine-Tails into Naruto together with
your remaining chakra.
In our child? I don't want to give a such heavy
burden to our adorable baby!
For the balance of bijuu,
for the nation, for me!
I don't Naruto to be sacrificed for that
It's not only Naruto! Why do you have to be sacrificed as well?!
Because we're a family of ninjas.
We won't be able to meet him for a while. Let's say
the words we want to tell him.
Naruto, don't be picky with food
and eat lots to grow up!
Also, make friends. You don't
have to make too many.
I's alright to have only few
who you can really trust.
And this is related to the
three taboos of ninja...
You need to be careful
with Jiraiya Sensei.
Naruto, you will have a lot of hard and painful
things in the future.
Find a deam, and in order to reach
the dream, be confident!
There are so many more things I want
to do teach you. I want to be
next to you. I want to stay
with you longer. I love you!
I have to go.
You don't have to go!
There no need to be a hero!
Actually, I'm not a person from this world!
Sorry for lying, but my name
isn't Menma!
Why are you using ridiculous talk all of a sudden?
My real dad was the Forth Hokage. And my mom
was a jinchuriki of the Nine-Tails.
In order to save the village.
And in order to save me.
risked their lives, and died!
Menma!, do us a favor! Please don't go!
I said I have to go.
Menma...
Because I'm the heroes child
that's why!
This place is...
Another reality that is created
with Limited Tsukuyomi. And
this place is what was called,
The Shouren Caves!
This is where the Forth Hokage and Jiraiya trained.
Well, it seems somebody else used it as his safe
house in this world.
What on Earth is your purpose?
You'll get to know soon.
Thank me because you will never be able to see
these kind of things happening ever again.
I finally found you! Madara!
Naruto!
I will go back to the original world after
I'll defeat you!
I won't be your opponent.
You better give me back the Red Moon Scroll now!
I don't want to! I will consider that if you release
Sakura first!
If so, I have to take it by killing you.
I was going to fight with you anyway!
I can sense the ominous
feeling from you. I
I can't let you go, now!
Because of  that vicious intent!
What?!
What is this this feeling?
That again...
Damn it!
What's wrong with me now?
Your existence and your chakra are really getting
on my nerves!
What the heck, it feels like the inside of
my stomach is jolting...
That's way, I'd better handle you quickly.
Koen Subaku!
(Zodiac Summoning!)
Golden Shake, Black Tortoise, Azure
Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion
Turn every bone to dust!
This way, they're too many to deal with!
The enemies just keep coming.
Stop that.
We came here due to an order by the Hokage.
What...?
She asked us to support you so that you can deal
with the masked man. Hmm.
Is that Akatsuki, the group of mercenaries?
It seems fun to eat the Grim Reaper's chakra.
That is so awesome! The Akatsuki are allies!
Don't get cocky, now!
I see. Is this also a twist of this world?
The Hokage hired, the Akatsuki!
Uchiha Itachi?
That appearance! It doesn't look like physical attacks
will have any effect on you!
Still, that doesn't mean there are aren't
other options!
You can fire the flame if you intend to?
As usual, you're still a bothersome guy!
Please take care of Sakura!
It's lovely to see the flickering vermilion flame on
him.
There's nothing more beautiful
than an explosion.
Is that his real identity?
What...
I see. This place is a training ground.
Multiple Shadow Clone Jutsu!
You're trying to win by adding to your numbers?
How pathetic.
You think so?
It's gone far enough!
You bastard!
Who are you?
You're don't know when to give up!
Naruto!
This guy, I didn't get him even with
my Rasen Sriken!
Isn't the inside of your stomach jolting?
How obtuse you are. It seems
like the thing that is
in your stomach has been
anxious since a while ago.
Inside my stomach?
How do you...!
I guess that could be the Nine-Tails or something.
Seriously, I couldn't even imagine it could be that!
I didn't though there could be another guy
who is exactly the same!
That's why I can't take it
If you keep existing, you're life will be just a bother  !
I will erase your existence for sure!
Die!!!
What the heck is this? What happened?
He has the same face as Naruto.
Is he theJinchuriki of this world?!
Kyubi is by far from all Bijuu,the one with the biggest
mass of hate!
If the two mases of hatred ever meat, a live threatening
battle,will naturally start!
Now! Who will win?!
His target is me! Everyone get away from here!
Naruto!
There was no contract to fight against the Nine-
Tails. We didn't get paid for that.
No way!
You can't go anywhere with that huge body!
Great Rasengan Barrage!
Damn it!
Be quiet! I'm going to
counterattack from now on! I'm
going to attack the enemy
with Nine-Tails Chakra Mode.
Are you an idiot?!
Putting it short, the opponent is the same
as I ,the Nine-Tails
How are you going to fight with only a tiny part of
my chakra?
You don't ever change, Naruto!
From here on, I take care of it!
You think I'll be deceived
by that kind of tactic? Your
motive is obvious. I have no
intention of giving you my body.
Huh... I don't like you, kid.
But beggars can't be choosers. I hate Madara
more than you do.
I would possibly be locked within this world if
you're dead.
If that's what he's intending to do, I don't have any
desire to conform!
I will lend you my power specially this time.
The enemy of my enemy is an ally?
Alright! But it's the only time! We will fight
together just this once!
What's happening?
Isn't this artistic?
The land will be all twisted and changed.
Naruto...
We're the ones who will be the winners!
How dare you, you fake!
He does everything he wants with the part of the
chakra.
Give up right now!
Die!!!
As if I'd let that happen!
I was expecting this. Of course you are the
winner.
However, this fight was beyond my expectations.I never
thought youhad such a strong connection with Kyubi!
Now, it will be over if you get defeated.
You don't seem to understand the situation you're
in, yourself!
Through Nine-Tails and Nine-Tails resonance...
and through dealing with fights you wouldn't be
able to encounter inthe real world.
Your seal has weaken
Yes, just like that one time.
I'm undone! Run away, Naruto!
What? What's going on?!
So there was still a way like this?
Eyes Techniques! Naruto!
With the sharingan, I'll get pulled
out of your
body like Kushina suffered
if we don't do anything.
I'll take the Nine-Tais!
Hey! Never look at his eyes!
Damn it! If we don't do anything...
A red moon...
I have no choice but to do it. If now is the moment
the prophecy was talking about...
Forget everything!
Nine-Tails is...
mine!
You've run out of all hopes now.
Naruto, get a hold of yourself!
I erased his memory. He probably won't be able to
move.
Don't lay a finger on Naruto!
Huh...
What am I doing right now?
Moreover,
Who am I...?
Why...
I am...
This jutsu was created by the Forth Hokage.
That, teach it to me!
Here!
Naruto!
You woke back up.
I can't forget that even if I'm dead.
What my
sensei gave me was this
rasengan and my name.
The book my teacher wrote was A Tale
of the Utterly Gutsy Shinobi!
The one those two heroes in that book!
chose was...
me!
Give me the Nine-Tails and die in this world!
I'm not Menma!
My name is Naruto!!!
Naruto!
It has been 16 years since I tasted this jutsu!
Madara. You still...!
But, this time...
Minato! Kushina!
You two,why...
It's because of Minato's dagger!
Even if you say you're not our Menma. Still, you
don't feel like a stranger.
Is this a relationship too?
Well, fine.
I will let you keep the Nine-Tails
for now...
That man is?
He's the instigator.
He threw us into this world. That's why these
strange things have happened!
Menma!
Then...
Naruto, this is...
You're returning to the place you came from.
This is a farewell.
I really thank you for coming here to save me!
And even if it was for only a short period of time. I really
am grateful to you two!
It was the very first time I got to spend time with
my family.
Thank you for being hard on me!
Thank you for sincerely worrying about me,
scolding me, and living healthily, really.
Thank you!
This place is!?
Naruto. Your cloth is...
We came back to our world safely.
That was close!
A bit longer and we would have got the Nine-Tails!
I didn't know that stupid prophecy would prove to
be right.
Madara, that jerk. I never thought he would appear
in the middle of the village.
Based on their description, it could have been a
space-time jutsu.
As always he's a mysterious guy!
Anyways it's a mercy that you guys are safe.
However, it's natural for the village to fall into
confusion.
In any case, it's best to let them be themselves,
typically.
By the way, I'm talking about the jounin letters of
recommendation.
Of course! Respectfully declined!
After all, the way everyone is normally is the best!
I know. That helps me relax.
Sakura!!!!!!
Dad?
Sakura!
We found her, found her!
We thought you became a missing child as you
didn't come back as last time!
Oh, my god! Just joking!
It's good, now!
What's with this girl, it wasn't that long since
we last saw her!?
But--That's...
I'm sorry for all the things I said!
Well, your mother scolds you because she's
worried about you.
It's alright!
U hum...
By the way, Sakura! Let's have a real date next
time!
What are you talking about? I just had a really
long date with you!
Eh--
No way!
You call that a date?!?!
Somebody once asked me what a ninja is.
My sensei told me that a ninja is one who endures.
Where were you?
I searched for you everywhere!
Iruka Sensei!
Why are you here?
Ummm...uh, well, I think I was too harsh on you.
Well...I though you'll want to eat this
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Welcome home, Naruto.
I'm home.
Alright! I'll be back!
My name is ...
Uzumaki Naruto!
Ninja!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org